# Project: Create Windows instance on AWS using Terraform

## Overview

This project help us launch a Windows instance on AWS using Terraform

## Launch the new Windows instance

### Navigate to the current project

Ensure you are in the terraform-aws-windows-instance project.
If not, run `cd terraform-aws-windows-instance`

### Update your own credentials

Crea file `terraform.tfvars`, by running command: `cp terraform.tfvars.sample terraform.tfvars`
Then add your public ID here (to allow RDP access from your PC).
_Tips_: Visit https://www.whatismyip.com/ to get your public IP
You can refer to `terraform.tfvars.sample` for reference.

### Terraform init

Run `terraform init`

### Terraform plan

Run `terraform plan`

### Terraform apply

Run `terraform apply`

## Connect to the newly created instance

### Get the Public IP:

After running terraform apply, the public IP address of the new instance will be displayed in the Terraform output or you can retrieve it using the AWS Management Console.

### Prepare Your Key Pair:

If you used a key pair when creating the instance, ensure that you have the private key file corresponding to the key pair.

### Use Remote Desktop Client:

Open the Remote Desktop client on your local machine.

### Connect to the Windows Instance:

Enter the public IP address of your instance in the Remote Desktop client.
If you used a key pair, you might need to provide the private key file during the connection process.

### Enter Credentials:

Once connected, enter the username and password for the Windows instance.
The default username for AWS Windows instances is typically `Administrator`.

### Access the Windows Desktop:

After successful authentication, you should have access to the Windows desktop of your EC2 instance.

Note: The default password for the Windows instance is generated by AWS and can be retrieved from the AWS Management Console if you didn't provide a specific password during the instance creation.
